Review API Proxy tutorial (#522)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/tutorials/expose-an-existing-api-via-a-rest-api-proxy.md

# Expose an existing API via a REST API proxy

> Choreo is a low-code cloud-native platform for building integration solutions. In this tutorial, you will explore REST API Proxies in Choreo by:

Author: Done

> Choreo gives you two options to create a REST API proxy: 

Reviewer: The word "methods" seem more correct here than "options".

```suggestion
You can create a REST API proxy iin one of the following methods:
```

Author: done

    !!! tip
        Once you create a project successfully, you are taken to the components landing page. You can also select the components icon from the left menu and open the **Components** landing page. 

> 4. Click **+Create** on the **Components** landing page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **Components** landing page, click **Create**.
```

Suggesting this to adhere to this guideline in the Google Development guide:

https://developers.google.com/style/procedures#steps-that-say-where-to-complete-a-task
